Refresh network-dell-nseries-snmp (#3674)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/network-dell-nseries-snmp.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Connector Dependencies

The following monitoring connectors will be installed when you install the **Dell N-series SNMP** connector through the
**Configuration > Monitoring Connector Manager** menu:
* [Base Pack](./base-generic.md)

## Pack assets

### Templates

The Monitoring Connector **Dell N-series SNMP** brings a host template:

* **Net-Dell-Nseries-SNMP-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Net-Dell-Nseries-SNMP-custom" label="Net-Dell-Nseries-SNMP-custom">

| Service Alias | Service Template                         | Service Description                                                                                           |
|:--------------|:-----------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Cpu           | Net-Dell-Nseries-Cpu-SNMP-custom         | Check the rate of utilization of CPU for the machine. This check can give the average utilization rate of CPU |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cpu           | Net-Dell-Nseries-Cpu-SNMP-custom         | Check the rate of CPU utilization for the machine. This check can give the average utilization rate of the CPU |
```

| Interfaces    | Net-Dell-Nseries-Interfaces-SNMP-custom    | Check interfaces                                                      | X          |
| Uptime        | Net-Dell-Nseries-Uptime-SNMP-custom        | Time since the server has been working and available                  |            |

> The services listed above are not created automatically when a host template is applied. To use them, [create a service manually](/docs/monitoring/basic-objects/services), then apply the service template you want.

> If **Discovery** is checked, it means a service discovery rule exists for this service template.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Discovery rules

#### Host discovery

| Rule name       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
|:----------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | SNMP Agents     | Découvre les ressources via un scan réseau SNMP. Installez le connecteur [Generic SNMP](./applications-protocol-snmp.md) pour obtenir la règle de découverte et créez un modificateur pour le modèle d'hôte **Net-Dell-Nseries-SNMP-custom** |

Reviewer: FR in EN

> | SNMP Agents     | Découvre les ressources via un scan réseau SNMP. Installez le connecteur [Generic SNMP](./applications-protocol-snmp.md) pour obtenir la règle de découverte et créez un modificateur pour le modèle d'hôte **Net-Dell-Nseries-SNMP-custom** |

Author: ```suggestion
| SNMP Agents     | Discover your resources through an SNMP subnet scan. You need to install the [Generic SNMP](./applications-protocol-snmp.md) connector to get the discovery rule and create a template mapper for the **Net-Dell-Nseries-SNMP-custom** host template |
```
